we are
live I am here for the next little
bit 2 one in case I need to get anybody
else if anybody else needs anything for
the evening but also fixing these hyper
Prem stuff
so what's going on
here D doop
doop so so um this isn't
really our algorithm's fault if you look
at
this it got all worthless random
samples doesn't really make much sense
now does
it so uh I think we kill this and we
figure out what's wrong it's actually
kind of cool that it's still figuring
something out but this is not you know
this is not what we're here for we're
not here
for you know clever algorithm from
nothing we're here for like just hard
solve
everything oh one thing I got just check
on the side real
quick
yeah pum
and
place just testing a container real
quick on the side for somebody here
okay it's kind of weird that it would do
this learning rate samples are way too
low we'll see what
happens for
hey
welcome
okay um let's see
one sec
okay
so yeah let's just figure out the
sampling that's going on here
so what do we have we have a
default o5
thank you
so this uh this sweep didn't work but it
doesn't seem like it's the fault of our
algorithm it seems like it's defaulted
the initial random
samples
e e
yeah I can tell I'm pretty tired um so I
there's not going to be complex getting
done at the moment all I basically want
to do is figure
out this thing right
here if I can figure this out I think
we'll be good for
today e
neur Mo
Z we've got NL MMO one two and
three so I don't
know debugging very stupidly at the
moment
cuz I'm very
tired
suggestions
return that doesn't make any bloody
sense does
it did I forget to undo the transform
Maybe
are you allergic to coffee or Red
Bull no I had enough energy drinks in my
undergrad for a whole lifetime thank you
very much and I don't drink coffee
before bed
believe me I've had plenty of code till
4 a.m.
evenings um for one
lifetime I will still be doing large
amounts of
hours they will not be randomly spread
throughout the day with no Rhyme or
Reason
so generally
working I don't know 7 or 8 in the
morning to 8 or 9 in the
evening minus food minus
exercise don't have hair loss till
4:30 I don't know about that
one but
uh that seems like a very quickly
solve now Bachelor stford
uh PhD MIT you just get the Masters kind
of on the way for
funsies with their PHD
program I'm looking if I actually made
the mistake that I think I make and I'm
just I'm questioning it because it would
be such a stupid
mistake but it looks like that is what
happened
oh wait no here it is right un normal
yeah yeah okay here it is not bad
computer
science AI Focus I was doing tons of
research and undergrad already right so
okay there it is 1 E minus 5 learning
rate that seems weird to me
right let me
see yeah that's got to be weird
these in
order they appear to be
learning
rate learning rate would
be five
right yeah minus 30 that doesn't make
sense to me that it would be that
ridiculous
e
what's the Dropout right in the first
year is there one I mean people switch
Majors but people don't really drop out
much unless they're going to go do a
startup it's not a hard major I mean I
guess some of the courses are a pain
but yeah it's not designed to filter
people
out the admissions is the
filter frankly the courses are
needlessly hard and busy work as
is some of the best coures I took were
the easiest
courses learned the most from them
didn't bang my head against stuff for
too
long yeah so uh YouTube I don't have any
control over that YouTube will rate
limit you so sometimes if you type a
bunch of messages or if they have stuff
that it thinks is a link or whatever
it'll just like silently eat your
message if you don't see it on my screen
right here then I'm not seeing it
that's just a YouTube being
YouTube unless it's restream but I don't
think it's
restream oh let me
see I don't think it's
restream settings
I don't think so
filtering no I don't have anything
embedded that would filter all I have is
uh block list of bots that have been in
here and such
is this worth
trying what is
this wait this is not what you just
linked me is it no why did this show
up I clicked the wrong article that was
your other one
can you
bypass I mean you can fiddle with it if
you
want yeah I mean I'm they're probably
going to get owned I wouldn't be
surprised they're wasting a ton of time
on this [__] as well they're like
hey our model safe China shipped like 25
trillion unsafe models in the meantime
but our model our crappy model that no
one wants to use cuz we're behind is
safe they straight up like I don't
know look I don't know who's there now
but when anthropic was first formed it
was really just the nuttiest people from
open AI
leaving um and they never really
articulated the whole safety thing it
was kind of just a cult and uh my
impression has generally
been that this is still most of these
people like nobody has remotely
articulated how their safety [__] even
matters if they're just going to fall
behind China while they're busy doing
that and not actually building
models do you think you've succeeded in
life no it's a process there's always
got to be a new challenge are you
satisfied I'm not satisfied I'm
immensely proud of what I've achieved
but I'm not like satisfied would mean
I'm done no man I'm going to re like I'm
going to revamp the whole field of
reinforcement learning next and uh we'll
see what I do after that right
not going to be satisfied my best years
of work when I'm really starting to get
good at what I'm doing
right so much stuff to
do this has been a heck of a crazy year
for me though I've hit a whole bunch of
cool
goals and this year in particular I
think I'm the most proud of out of any
of my
years it is patience and it is momentum
yeah I mean you have to build it I
mean like in the last year uh there's
been some crazy personal [__] including
near lethal pneumonia in the last couple
of months I ran a
50k uh
I mean I ran my first two marathons and
a
50k I hit a th000 powerlifting
total uh let's see I built all the stuff
in puffer pretty
much I have now a company that actually
has a decent chunk of Revenue I'm
starting to be able to start hiring some
of my buddies as well at least on a
Contracting basis with what the
company's been able to do um um I'm
making really big breakthroughs day by
day with all the stuff I'm working on
here time for relationship not really
not at the
moment I'm kind of happy being single
for a bit though I'm not really looking
for
stuff I'm pretty just focused on the
science and on my health at the
moment might have figured out neoc
carbs I'm working on it man um I think
we have the god algorithm but I got to
like I got to test it and there's got to
be some stuff
here this freaking space is so weird
I'm working on it it's hard
oh well why the hell is this negative
one
okay so here's a new
sample company doesn't really have uh
offices or
employees it's kind of just me doing
whatever remote and um maintaining a few
servers and then I have a few other
people
remote if that's true though hey best of
luck you know
there
are I know people with crazier stories
than that who are now doing pretty well
in
Tech I mean come on man
right I've got like a little I've got
like a desk in my room that's it
this is weird to
me so
o5 5us 3
um is the math wrong
here I mean come on man you don't even
you don't even know where I am and yeah
I do have a
housekeeper e
okay so this formula is disgusting
you wouldn't happen to be about to ask
me about crypto would you
cuz I I'm a little suspicious of odd
messages in here because I've had a guy
on a million different Al harassing me
about crypto
[__] in the last few
days that's
funny I think
it's the K I don't
know so this function is right
[Music]
um this function doesn't make sense to
me though
I mean hey if you're
um if you're persistent you know
learning some programming in your off
hours seems like you already
started it's a viable thing to be
doing takes patience though
of all the stuff that I do like the
science stuff you know the research
stuff the hardest skill to get out of
everything by far was just writing good
code I technically have a learning
disability and probably ADHD as
well and let that [__] stop you
freaking every engineer's got ADHD it's
like join the club
one of the cool things about having uh
the company is I work on so much
different stuff like if I get like stuck
into one a really slow moving project
for a couple week I just couple weeks I
can't stand it but I'm like everything
moves really fast and I'm always working
on a million different things now
.47 how did
this 01
still stuck on we're just stuck on
um a little bit of the random sampling
now ne4 maybe this is
right oh it's coming
along what the heck is wrong with
this oh wait
zero this is not the mean [__]
okay I didn't think about this
wait did I not think about this hold
on maybe I did think about
this maybe I did let me
see search
centers search scales
what is that DMO what is
that well that don't help now does it
how the hell's this
happen num
M
oh mini bad size
defects per million
op I don't know what that is
[Music]
okay this one's right
bat
size the mini bat
size well this is freaking horribly
wrong
manufacturing concept for
Quality pretty much like
Pito right
welcome mean of 32
okay uh hold on let me see
so 1632
42 so I probably ate
one I probably will do
whoops mini batch of
8192 by default
here and what else is
screwy mini back learning raid
and second to last one is update EPO of1
which is
fine probably leave it like that
box I don't like the learning
rate being as flippy as it
is what watch is
that uh it's a sunto it's a running
watch
I think sunto Peak pro9
maybe it tracks pace and heart rate and
it SNS stuff to sunto which them syn
stuff to
straa e
have you published your PhD
paper well your thesis ends up just
being all your paper stapled
together but yeah it's on uh this
website you can just download my whole
thesis it's all in
public then a kind of a good way to get
access to at least my PhD work because
it's just it's all the main paper
stapled together a few of them are left
out but it's all the main one stapled
together it's like 170 pages of neural
MMO I'm in Florida it's it's a
thematically appropriate
Choice yeah Florida go wrestle an
alligator there's literally a freaking
alligator that's like a 30second walk
outside the house half the
time just sitting
there I'm not here year round
this is like primary residence but I'm
not here me Florida gets freaking hot in
the summer as well so I'm not here
usually during hurricanes I'm not here
when it's super hot I'm here when it's
nice how much does lstm architecture
matter the sweeper sweep architecture
any of the sweepers can sweep
architecture settings I just haven't
bothered it's like a four line config
change to enable that um it depends on
your
environment if your environment requires
memory then it is impossible without
some form of memory like an lstm if your
environment is pong it probably doesn't
matter that much but we do it anyways by
default CU we
can we could probably have a flag that's
like you know use lstm or whatever and
then we could sweep the usage of an lstm
as
well the one thing I haven't bothered
with is frame stacking because it's kind
of a pain to implement efficiently um
and it increases your memory bandwidth a
ton so I just didn't bother with frame
stacking type
stuff um with our implementation you're
kind of just better off using an lstm
figure out with this learning
rate I'm put this
.25 and see what happens
[Music]
mhm what's the point of that fish is our
logo and
mascot puffer
AI is the company in the
project long short-term
memory neuronet architecture
I mean this the uh the idea of this
stream is watch rein like watch
reinforcement learning research being
done live maybe pick up a few things
also it's user support for puffer lib so
any puffer lib users can just drop in
and get report on their
stuff you know it's a bunch of
things okay the uh the default
parameters have to not get -20 score so
whatever it's going to take to make the
default parameters not get -20
score uh is what's going to have to
happen here because this is
silly and I need to go to bed soon
I uh I've been streaming too late and
I'm starting to get kind of tired in the
day let me see if this looks garbage or
not uh okay this
one's we can can actually remove
this learning rate
03 did I like forget did I just like do
a stupid let me see
okay this is what we're going to have to
freaking
do e
don't smoke have never smoked don't Vape
never
Vaped uh rarely drink used to drink I
drank a lot in college and a couple
years after but got in shape and kicked
that habit
I mostly just work and uh and exercise
at these points I play a few games now
and again that's about
it mostly just get to
work nor mean
you get time look up
DMO we'll do I'm trying to fix like
remind me I'm trying to finish this
thing right now what games not much
lately downloaded OverWatch the other
day um I have a lot of hours and MMOs
but those are way too addictive for me
to be playing while I'm trying to build
a
company so a little
OverWatch I don't know played some
League played some valerant
again I try not to get too
obsessive
is enjoy life
brother you know I found that I've
enjoyed life The more I've like put time
into achieving things that I actually
care about
um you know it's like I'm going to I get
way more enjoyment out of knowing that
know I ran a 50k I hit my th000 total I
got myself into good shape I'm not in
that great shape now but that's because
of pneumonia I'll get back I'll get that
back
um you know have my company achieved all
these things and that's way better I
still like to you know chill out now and
again for sure
but it's good to be working hard
and then when I need to rest I know I've
earned my rest
kind stupid to be doing this in one
line that's just
debug we can leave it
I realize I probably sound pretty
depressed right now I'm not I'm just
tired I've been working on stuff all day
you know
it's a good day I got a lot of stuff
done
let's
see for
there we
go 6
Sigma huh
defects per
million
cool train. update EPO should not
be oh of course but there's a clip on
it I mean just see
Max
fractional
what that has no relevance to what I'm
doing my
guy no relevance at
all
oops min
ah you're just putting word salad at me
doesn't mean anything my
guy
for e
oh1
wait
o
01 weird
there all llms
wait did you write that to sound like an
llm did you have an llm write that I'm
confused
I figured though technically it's a
skill to be able to write like an
[Music]
llm that's
funny the problem with asking lm's
things is that they're not very
smart you
know that's the issue e
all right so how is it that this
thing times
three oh
oh oh yeah know this is about correct
it's a factor of about
three
decent yeah I think that's decent
what's the actual one that we use for
this
oops where's the learning
o1
perfect that falls in
nicely
entropy I think this needs to be even AV
bu to go down more
if I add the zero what
happens I messes it up it's too many
orders of magnitude for the
uh there's too many orders of magnitude
for the thing to handle okay we'll
figure out a better way to handle the
mean sample
thing but uh yeah
entropy
one and honestly probably entropy is
fine like this I doubt that it makes
that much of a
difference so now entropy is
012 02 perfect that's reasonable
then
gamma
think gamma goes from
0.95 that's
decent then Lambda will
[Music]
do 98 about the same pretty
good update e box goes from 1 to
2 and then BPT Horizon goes 32 to
8 I think that's good man I think it's
good see
it let's see some parameters that don't
suck come on
sweeps there's our first data
point all right bad size
32k learning
rate aha this is
wrong I confirm this is not a possible
learning
rate so there is a bug
what is the
bug for
all right so right
here oh is it because it's a random
normal
okay here's what we'll
do
for
e
e e
and of made an N for that currently
single
agent now
weer uh it's basically the same thing
it's just one extra
Loop that will have been quick progress
though if that's all it took you
for
e
e e
check DMs
o you did it
3D I guess it's just the renderer that
changes if it's 3D or 2D but yeah
that'll be nice cuz you might want to
make the whole m3d
eventually that's very good
I give you puffer out of 10
and you want puffer out of 10 puffer out
of 10 is an
excellent an excellent thing to
have yeah I mean it's fine you can just
like you know you doesn't matter I use
the same trick in earlier versions of
neural MMO uh neural MMO as well it's
like the M isn't actually 3D it's just
the renderer and it's like you're over
shelling your environment it's not that
complicated yeah well freaking RuneScape
does the same thing you think RuneScape
is really 3D it's
not so this is how real MMOs are
built show
dare for
yes s will
work I'm telling you it's the same thing
though
see these not all these are good
I might have to continue this tomorrow
it's getting
late I'll give it a couple more
minutes
for e
oops
for
e
e e
uh am I filling this in the wrong order
wait am I filling this in the wrong
order seriously
oh there it is
there's the
bug and I wouldn't have caught it
because uh yep that makes the
sense in rain
say in
range
three
[Music]
nine four for
ENT pretty good 98 for
gamma
Lambda
yeah it's all in range
um are these samples
low the samples seem low let me see if
this just
unlucky
22 yeah just unlucky
I think we're
good I think we got
it e
we'll take it it's not zero or
-2 e
okay so
already we have some s that are not
completely
worthless and this one
here look at
that so just with 10 random samples we
will actually get a lot of
data and then we will see what neoc
carbs does with
that it is
late there experiments to be run but I
need to sleep so I'm going to go get
some rest I will be back
tomorrow
um the only thing that's going to be
rough is I have some robotics like
control stuff to do which as soon as
that is ready for me to take over uh I
going have a a lot of work to do on that
for a few days but hopefully I think
this is far enough that we can maybe
start running some of this in the
background now so at least it'll be
there um anyways though oops I missed
something in the puffer
Discord I mean this is very very good
progress me see
okay so
uh yeah so far so good
here these are random and then it'll
start learning after 10 samples okay so
for folks watching
this this is all free and open
source reinforcement learning is going
to get a lot lot better this year with
puffer if you want to check out any of
this work
buffer. please start the GitHub like if
you haven't started the GitHub please
come on it's free it really
helps um if you want to get involved
with Dev don't need an RL background
need to be able to write decent code
trained a lot of people in there
discord's right
here and if you want more RL content
well we have all our M that you can play
with live on the
website we've got a Blog here with
including the quick start guide and if
you want even more content you can
follow me on X where I have a bunch of
RL posts as well as some articles that
you can't find anywhere else thank you
very much all and have a nice